Simplified and changed some of the wording (#2)
sanderslab/magellanmapper: docs/install.md

bin/setup_conda.bat
```

These scripts perform a full installation of Conda if not already present. Specifically, it will install:

> - [Miniconda](https://conda.io/miniconda.html), a package manager for the Anaconda Python Distribution, if not already present based on the `conda` command

Reviewer: Nice catch. I just further tweaked the Miniconda description slightly based on its [website description](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html).

```suggestion
- [Miniconda](https://conda.io/miniconda.html), a free minimal installer for the Anaconda Python Distribution, if not already present based on the `conda` command
```
